[phone rings]
Hello?
[RENA giggles]
Good morning, Keiichi!
Wake up, sleepyhead!
Wake up!
[KEIICHI]
Rena?
Why are you calling me so early?
[MION]
Good morning, Kei!
You too, Mion?
Another challenge?
[MION]
Glad you're finally figuring out
how this club works, bud.
We're gonna meet at the
usual spot before we head out.
We'll be seeing you
there, right?
You bet you will!
And I'll hand you
your butt on a platter!
[RENA]
Keiichi!
What took you so long?
Sorry about that, guys!
[SATOKO]
You're finally here!
We've been waiting patiently!
Good morning.
Glad to see you made it.
You too!
What's on the agenda today?
[KEIICHI]
Hold on.
You mean this is where
we'll be having club?
Yeah, the shop sets up
tournaments now
and then to show off the
products and get new customers.
A tournament. So now you're
telling me I'm gonna be playing
against everybody else
in the whole shop?
Exactly.
Today's club meeting is special,
'cause there's more
than just the five of us
competing this time around!
Special, huh?
I've got a lot more
people to beat now.
[MION]
Okay, guys.
Listen up!
We've got 15 players total.
First, we draw numbers
out of a hat.
We'll split into
five groups of three,
and the winner of
each group will advance.
Oh, wow, can you guys believe
we managed to end up in
separate groups somehow?
Crazy.
Honestly. You didn't
think I was gonna let
any of us get bumped off
in round one, right?
Heh. I have no idea
how you pulled that off,
but either way,
I'm ready to smoke someone!
All right, let's do it, Keiichi!
Okay, then.
I'll see you all in the finals!
I'll be doing
my best to win, too!
Oh hey.
We're in class together,
aren't we?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm Tomita.
Okamura.
[KEIICHI] I can walk
right over these kids.
They're not even
gonna see it coming!
Good draw!
Okay, guys.
If everybody's set up,
let's get our games started!
Here we go!
One, two, three, four.
Five thousand bucks each to
celebrate the birth of my child.
Tough break, huh?
Bonus time. Get a
hundred grand from the bank!
Wha...?
You already got
your money back already!
I'm on the corporate ladder!
[KEIICHI]
That's one of the best routes!
This whole game
completely depends on luck!
How am I supposed
to improve my chances
when the game is just
spinning a roulette wheel?
[GAMER A]
That's impossible!
[GAMER B]
What are you, psychic?
[SATOKO chortles]
Good game, boys.
But in the end, victory is mine!
You've been outplayed.
Wha... Seriously?
You got through
your group already?
Well done, Satoko.
I see you've made
your way to the finals as well.
No way, Mion too?
How'd that happen?
So that's dealt with.
What say we step out
for a cup of tea?
The others should be
done by the time we get back.
Ooh. Good idea!
Are you for real?
So how's it going for Rena?
Okay, next card.
"Every dog has its day."
Awoo! It's so kyute!
I wanna take it home!
"A bird in hand is worth."
[YOSHIRO]
"A fool and his money are‐‐"
"Do unto others as‐‐"
Awwo! I'm taking them home.
They're so adorable!
Awoo!
[KEIICHI]
There's no way!
She never plays
that hard at anything,
so what's going on here?
[gasps]
Oh come on.
The cards flipped
her cute switch?
And Rika?
[RIKA]
Mii!
I got a fish, you guys!
That's awesome.
You're great at this, Rika!
[RIKA]
Mii!
Oh my gosh,
I just got another one!
Wow, guess you've
totally mastered this game.
There's no competing with you!
Yeah, you've got this!
[KEIICHI]
Amazing.
That's no competition.
She turned her game into
the Rika Furude Fan Club!
Whenever you're ready, Maebara.
[KEIICHI]
Uh! Sorry, guys.
Here we go.
Now I gotta pay a 50,000
dollar fine for tax evasion?
Something wrong, Keiichi?
Are you having a bad time?
Are you?
Everyone but you
won their games already.
[KEIICHI]
Dangit!
Mii.
How much money
do you guys have right now?
I have, uh, 980,000
thousand dollars.
Uh, 880,000, and there's
still enough time to catch up!
Huh? They're both on track
to have well over a million
by the end of the game!
So, how's that account
balance lookin', Kei?
[KEIICHI]
Hey, shut up.
This game is pure luck
and I keep getting bad spins!
Save the excuses.
No giving up allowed, Keiichi!
Keiichi. Don't worry about it.
[sighs]
All I'm doing
is spinning the wheel!
You think I'm missing
something, Mion?
Then tell me!
Come on, really?
We were all playing to win,
but you've been
putting in no effort at all.
Wh‐What does that even mean!
It wouldn't take ten seconds
to seal this game,
but I guess you don't wanna win.
Let's go.
Don't you think that
was a little harsh, Mion?
Damn it.
Don't act like I'm not trying!
It's a game of chance!
How do you figure
I could guarantee a win,
let alone get it done
in ten seconds?
Am I destroying your hopes
and dreams with my crappy luck?
So, uh, are we
gonna keep playing?
You can always forfeit if
you don't feel like finishing.
Play to win, huh?
Fine then, let's go!
Here's a thought.
What say we make a deal, boys?
You let me win.
‐‐What?
Hey, hold on Maebara, using
threats is against the rules!
Just settle down for a sec.
Think about what
you're playing for here.
The cash, right?
Well, yeah, obviously!
Let's say you win
this whole thing.
What do you plan on
doing with the money?
What do you think
you'd spend it on?
I'd prob'ly buy a new game.
Snacks or soda I guess.
[chuckles]
Come on, fellas.
Ya gotta think big!
Okay? So what are
you gonna do with it
that's so much better than
what we would do with it?
I'm glad you asked.
Us club members are
playing for the prize too,
but we also face a penalty
for any game we lose!
And the winner is allowed
to determine the loser's
penalty without exception.
You're the only
club member here,
your punishment
is your problem.
What does that have to do with‐‐
Hear me out.
Tomita, you have a huge crush
on Satoko, don't you?
And you, Okamura,
you have the hots for Rika.
Hah. Think what I can
do for you if I win.
Tomita, how do you feel about
Satoko wearing a collar,
playing your
little sister for a day?
[KEIICHI]
And Okamura.
Would you care
to take a leisurely stroll
with your new cat, Rika?
I can make it happen.
‐‐I could never ask for that.
‐‐Hold on, there's no way.
‐‐But I mean...
‐‐Sounds nice, but...
Easy now.
You're not in the club,
and it's not your fault if the
penalty I choose benefits you.
It's too late now for me to
escape a lonely teenhood.
but at least there's still hope
for the kids coming
up behind me!
Help me out here,
and I can offer you a prize
far greater than money!
I swear it on my manly pride!
‐‐Thank you, Maebara!
[TOMITA] I'll follow
you to hell and back!
[ALL 3]
That's the game!
So it's over?
Who won, Keiichi?
In the end, I claimed victory.
[shocked sounds]
How did you pull it off after
that dismal beginning you had?
It's all about knowing
your opponents.
Isn't that right?
‐‐Yeah!
So Keiichi does
have what it takes!
Heh! That was just
the preliminaries.
No way I'm gonna be
the one to get knocked out!
Hmph. Guess you can
play to win after all.
Good for you, Kei!
All right.
So what game are we gonna
play for the final round?
What game?
Yes, about that.
See the thing is, my shift
is actually about to start.
‐‐[TOMITA] Why?
‐‐[OKAMURA] No!
[MION]
Sorry, everyone.
I'll make it up to you
next time, promise!
You kids made the shop
a lot of money today!
Here, take these
as a "thank you."
Hold on a minute.
I helped out too.
Where's mine?
I'll give you a big tip the
next time I see you at work.
[sighs]
Really?
Well hello there!
I got a new penguin friend!
Oh my gosh can
I actually take this home?
So is mine cute too?
[RENA gasps]
It's so kyute!
[laughs]
What's wrong, Kei?
Don't you wanna take it home
and play house with it?
It is pretty cute, honestly.
Just not exactly what I'm into.
And if you keep it, folks in
town are gonna start talking
about the weird kid
with the doll.
Good point.
This would be wasted on me.
Hmm...
Keiichi.
That could be a
good gift for someone.
And if you give it out of the
goodness of your heart,
I know anybody here would
be happy to accept it!
You should have this, Mion.
I think it suits
you much better.
You what?
Oh, no, I'm not really into
all that girly‐girl stuff!
Sometimes it's like I was
supposed to end up a guy,
but the wrong box got
checked or something!
Seriously, just take it!
Jeez. Thank you.
I think that's for the best.
Keiichi may have won her,
but she's better off with you.
I'd say this food
isn't much different
from any other
family restaurant.
Nobody comes here
for the food, Keiichi.
Just take a look.
Excuse me! Could I get
another coffee here please?
'Kay. Be right there!
[ICHIRO hmms appreciatively]
Seriously? That's the
reason people come here?
[ICHIRO]
Be honest.
You do understand
the appeal, don't you?
Ow! That was
totally uncalled for.
Even my own
father never struck me!
Well, your own son just did!
Heh. Don't deny yourself, son.
Look. I'm hittin' the john.
Take this moment to appreciate
the beauty on display.
Dad, you are too old for this.
[????] Um, we apologize
for the delay, sir.
Here's your dessert.
Cool, thanks.
Huh?!
Hey, Mion. What's up?
Uh, uh...
Mion?
It's you right?
This is the last job
I would expect you to have.
Yes, well, because my uncle's
the owner and he needed help.
Gotta say, you don't look like
anybody checked the wrong box
when you're wearing
that uniform!
I can feel you staring at me.
Please, sir.
Show some discretion.
Come on, be real.
There's nothing wrong
with liking attention,
and you're gonna get it
for sure looking like that!
Ah! That is not why
I'm wearing this, sir!
And to be honest,
I didn't want to.
Oh man, to think I'd get
to see Mion in that outfit,
and that she would end up
looking crazy hot in it!
You're mistaken, sir!
Is that so?
What do you mean?
Sorry. The truth is,
my name is Shion Sonozaki,
sir, and I'm Mion's twin sister!
Shion? Shion Sonozaki.
Yes, and you're far from the
first one to get us confused.
Hold on.
We've never met,
so why were you acting like
you already knew who I was?
Oh. Well, you see.
Mion does talk
about you quite a bit.
You're not really expecting me
to believe that, are you?
It's the truth.
Okay. Shion, wasn't it?
I'll remember next time.
Sorry about that.
Ah! It's fine, I'm just
making sure you know.
I should've guessed.
There's no way Mion could ever
pull off that kind of outfit.
It honestly does look
amazing on you, though.
Really, you think so?
Sonozaki. You can take
your break now if you'd like!
Uh, okay!
Right, well then.
I'll take my leave.
It was a pleasure finally
getting to meet Kei in person!
Sorry for confusing you
with your sister.
[ICHIRO chuckles]
There he is.
Is it starting to sink in?
Are you catching on to why
everybody loves this place?
Huh. Yeah. Sure am.
I'm a growing boy, dammit.
I shouldn't be skipping lunch.
This is torture.
How did we turn making
curry into a competition?
And who knew Ms. Chie could
get so intense about curry?
[MION] Right, she's normally
all sweet and soft‐spoken.
[RENA] Uh, are you
feeling all right, Keiichi?
I wish you could
have tried my curry.
[KEIICHI]
Yeah, me too,
but after Satoko dumped
in that much salt,
it could have given me a stroke.
Well, for what it's worth,
I'm impressed that you've
stayed upright this long.
[KEIICHI] Kind words
won't do me any good here.
I need some food in me soon.
[laughs]
They say hunger
is the best spice,
so at least dinner
should be extra yummy!
[MION] I gotta head off to work
now, so I'll see you guys later.
Oh yeah.
Waiting tables seems like it
would be a pretty tough job.
[gasps]
What? I never knew
you were a waitress, Mii.
You're really a waitress?
Where are you waitressing?
Where? Awoo!
I'm not though.
I was just helping my uncle!
My uncle Yoshiro from
the game shop, remember!
Uh! My bad!
Shion was the waitress, right?
I got you mixed up
'cause you look so alike.
[RENA]
Wait, Shion? Who's Shion?
You don't know her either?
Shion is Mion's twin sister!
Their looks are identical, but
they could hardly be less alike!
Yeah, exactly.
We may have the same face,
but we've got
different personalities.
She and Mion
are pretty different.
Shion is really cute, and she's
got a super sweet smile too.
Just cut it out Kei!
Is that true? Is it?
I don't think I remember you
ever mentioning
you had a sister before.
Uh... Yeah.
Come to think of it, I guess
you've never met her, Rena.
Whoa, I'm late.
I really gotta go, guys, see ya!
It is weird, but I think
I'll go ahead and trust her.
Yeah, me too.
But she was all cute
and flustered though.
Why would she be all flustered?
[KEIICHI]
How long till dinner?
[groans]
Come on, Mom; I'm wasting away.
[doorbell dings]
The door is open.
[????]
Uh. Good evening.
Oh no. Are you okay?
Why are you on the floor?
[KEIICHI] Mion‐‐Wait, no,
you're Shion, right?
Why are you here?
[SHION]
I talked with my sister.
She told me you hadn't
been able to have lunch today.
[KEIICHI]
Uh, yeah, I'm starving.
Why do you mention it?
Did you bring me
food or something?
Yes, I did, actually.
You know. Um.
As a thank you
gift for the doll.
Whoa!
You're saying you
really did bring food?
Hold on.
A thank you gift for
the doll I gave to Mion?
Um... Because she...
It wasn't far out of
the way for me to come,
so I told her I would
bring it to you.
But... I hope it's not a bother!
No, it's not a bother at all.
You're a life saver!
Well, I should
hurry on to work now. Bye.
And when you're finished,
feel free to bring the
containers to my sister.
Great.
Thanks so much!
So now I have some food
that came from Mion's house.
What kind of trap are
we dealing with here?
Raw mustard or hot sauce?
That's good!
Thanks for the food.
It was awesome.
[MION splutters]
Oh right.
I was home alone
last night and starving.
Then Shion showed up
at my door all of a sudden
with a whole bunch of food.
She told me to bring
you the containers.
I cleaned 'em out for you.
[laughs]
That Shion, right?
She's such a thoughtful girl.
You certainly are in high
spirits today, Miss Mion!
I think it's cute.
She's showing her softer side.
I'm just worried she
may have caught something.
I don't think it's anything
contagious,
but someday I'm sure
you'll catch it too, Satoko.
You've completely lost me.
Now that I've eaten all
I wanna do is take a nap.
So hey, Kei.
You always eat all
your foods at lunch, right?
Like not a
single grain of rice left?
Well, someone took
the time to make it for me,
it wouldn't be
right to waste it.
It's kinda funny.
You come off as intense
and a bit of a loner.
But you're so considerate;
you're a stand‐up guy!
I know, right?
He can look kinda scary,
but he's a real sweetheart
on the inside!
Now it's starting to feel like
you're making fun of me.
I'm not! I'm being serious!
What I'm saying is,
there's more to you than
what you see at first glance!
So what did you see at first
glance that was so bad?
[CHIE]
Miss Sonozaki. Mister Maebara.
We are in class!
Honestly. Miss Sonozaki, notes?
Yes, ma'am.
Never judge a book
by its cover, you know?
Sometimes a person is the
total opposite of how they seem.
Yeah? What about it?
Seems like you're going
somewhere with this.
[RENA]
Up until a little while ago,
Satoko was a super
sweet, needy girl.
[KEIICHI]
Sweet and needy? That goblin?
I can't even imagine what
that would have been like.
Though I will say there's more
to Rika than a cute face.
[RENA]
Whenever I look at her,
I can't help thinking
she's going to be
a drop‐dead gorgeous woman when
she grows up, don't you think?
Don't you?
And even if she
acts like she's not,
Mion's definitely
a girly‐girl at heart.
Okay.
So how much did she pay you
to give me this speech?
It's 'cause she's so dedicated
to leading our club.
She wants us all to see her
as someone we can follow.
But when you get past that,
she's a cute girl on the inside!
But she'll always
do her best to hide it,
so don't forget,
all right, Keiichi?
Got it.
Now, what about you?
Huh? About me?
I shouldn't judge folks
based on appearance, right?
So, how does that
apply to you, Rena?
[laughs]
I'd need to know
how I seem to you.
So, how do I seem, so how?
How does Rena Ryugu seem to me.
She can take the joke
a bit far sometimes,
but she still has a kind heart.
I guess basically
she's everything you
could want in a girl.
Really, honestly?
Well thanks.
That's really sweet.
[KEIICHI]
But if you're just the opposite.
[MION]
Sorry, guys.
I have another shift today.
That's no problem.
I actually had plans
of my own today, too.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot you had to
practice for Watanagashi.
Indeed, she does.
It's coming up this Sunday.
Training for this is
no laughing matter.
Is there some big
event happening?
Yeah, there's a local festival.
It's Watanagashi,
and we hold it at the shrine
on a Sunday each June.
And Rika works there
as a shrine maiden,
so she'll be performing
the ritual dance!
"Watanagashi" seems like kind
of a weird name for a festival.
It means "cotton drifting."
We drift stuffing from
old futons down the river.
It's kinda like a big memorial
service for futons.
Interesting.
Well, we should
be on our way now.
Good day!
Let's get a move on, Rika!
[RIKA] I'm gonna
practice my hardest today!
Guess that's it, guys;
we're done for the day.
I really do need
to get going, too.
Bye!
A lot of the shops
in the Hinamizawa area
belong to Mion's family.
She must be busy!
[KEIICHI] So Mion's a real
girly girl deep down, huh?
Whoa. Oh crap!
The hell are you doin'
to my bike, ya little turd?
[PUNK B]
Quit makin' that dumbass face!
We asked you a question!
I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean it.
Then what the hell
did you do it for, huh?
[PUNK C]
Lookit this shit!
Ya done scratched
the paint all to hell!
Someone around here pay
ya to mess with our shit,
ya little bastard?
That it?
[????] You mind pissin'
off for me, asshole?
Having trash out front
is bad for business.
What'd you say to me, bitch?
Need me to dumb it down?
Let Kei go, and
get the hell outta here.
You think you can talk
to us like that, huh?
Listen, skank!
I don't mind hitting a girl!
[PUNK A] You're gonna
mouth off that much,
you can pony up instead!
Get out of here Mion,
these guys are no joke!
Hop back on your shitty bikes
and roll your candy asses home!
You shut your damn mouth!
Hey, guys.
What the hell is their problem?
[RIKA] Next time:
Watadamashi‐hen, Part 2.